DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/apm-ui-pages/monitoring/transactions-page-find-specific-performance-problems.mdx

  - Monitoring
translate:
  - jp

> metaDescription: 'APM's Transactions page shows app, browser, or other transaction details, average response time, and throughput as requests per minute or CPU usage.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: APM's Transactions page shows app, browser, or other transaction details, average response time, and throughput as requests per minute or CPU usage.
```
